206 moine.

gained by sharing in the common experience oi lile. More simply,
it may be understood as a arasa of quality, a sense of one's commu·
nity with others.

ib. eis, ia tacb a way, or oa tlte condition.

Futurae landis. Genitive oi quality.

te. An arbiter was different from a judea, yet not quite the same
aa our “arbitratos'' In a judaeum the demand made was sora

certain fixed sum of money; inan arbitrium the amount was not ¹
fixed. In a judiciam the plaintiii gained all that he claimed cr 1

nothing ; in aa arbitrium as much was given him as seemed fair.
The judiciam was constituted with a poena or parspere-sirmam there
was no pocae in the ease oi an arbitrium. Lastly‚'the arbiterwaa
possessed of a greater latitude than the jadex, and was armed with
something very closely resembling what we call an equitable juris·
diction. “Hence the more necessary for one filling the office to be
an upright man.''

at aq. Phalaris with his braaen bull had become proverbial.

83, 84. I'udrui⁹ bonor. These are verses oi splendid vigos—Vi·
vendicantes. Cf. Plin. Epp. i. 12, 3; plurimas vivendi causas ha-
bentem 1 optimam conscientiam, optimam famam, rnaximam consci-
entiam, eta. Ejusdem Epp. v. 5, t: qui voluptatibus dediti quasi in
diem vivunt vivendi causas cotidie finiunt.

85. Perit (perfect tense; cf. iii. 174, x. 118), ia dead already.

86. Gaurana = Lucrina, as the mons Gaurus was near the Lucrina
lake. — 0011111 . . aina tboayb be bc plaayed brad orer aare ia 001·

mas'scoppcr. Cosmus wasanoted persumer;aenumisthe canldron .

in which he prepared his periumes.

89. Socii rel'ers to Reman subjecte beyond the limits of Italy, -
the inhabitants ol a province.

90. Reges were native princes, like those oi India under British
rule. - For medullas ossibra resapere we have aare medullis anu·
guntur: tbe bones sacred dryas tbe aakcd marrata instead oi tha
marrow aucked from the empty bones. On vacuis ef. Cic. pro Mar·
callo vi. 17: gladium vagina vacuum in urhe non vidimus.

al. daria. The governors oi the senatorial provinces, like those.
oi the imperial, received their instructions from the emperor by ra·
scripta. But their appointment was nominally in the senate, whose
authority they were supposed to represent. Macleane.

93. Cossutianus capito was appointed governor ot' Ciliciam). 66,

but the next year he was charged with extortion aad degraded. ¹

(Aflerwarda he recovered his senatorial rank through the influence

 

